Fix GCP examples and getting started guide [skip ci] (#8632)
NVIDIA/spark-rapids: docs/get-started/getting-started-gcp.md

The script below will initialize with the following:

* [GPU Driver and RAPIDS Acclerator for Apache Spark](https://github.com/GoogleCloudDataproc/initialization-actions/tree/master/spark-rapids)

> throughinitialization actions (please note it takes up to 1 week for the latest init script to be

Reviewer: ```suggestion
through initialization actions (please note it takes up to 1 week for the latest init script to be
```

merged into the GCP Dataproc public GCS bucket)

  To make changes to example configuration, make a copy of `spark-rapids.sh` and add the RAPIDS
  Accelerator related parameters according to [tuning guide](../tuning-guide.md) and modify the
  `--initialization-actions` parameter to point to the updated version.
* Configuration for [GPU scheduling and isolation](yarn-gpu.md)
* [Local SSDs](https://cloud.google.com/dataproc/docs/concepts/compute/dataproc-local-ssds) are
  recommended for Spark scratch space to improve IO
* Component gateway enabled for accessing Web UIs hosted on the cluster

### Create a Dataproc Cluster Using T4's
* One 16-core master node and 5 32-core worker nodes
* Two NVIDIA T4 for each worker node
Note that with image-version 2.1 Secure Boot is enabled by default and not all operating systems

> currently have
> support for installing GPU drivers that are properly signed.  Please follow

Reviewer: ```suggestion
currently have support for installing GPU drivers that are properly signed.  Please follow
```

    --subnet=default 
```

> There are no initiailization actions that need to be configured because NVIDIA drivers and Spark RAPIDS resources are already installed in the custom image. The new cluster should be up and running within 3-4 minutes!

Reviewer: Line wrap, typos, and RAPIDS Accelerator instead of Spark RAPIDS
```suggestion
There are no initialization actions that need to be configured because NVIDIA drivers and
RAPIDS Accelerator resources are already installed in the custom image. The new cluster
should be up and running within 3-4 minutes!
```

### Create a Dataproc Cluster using MIG with A100's

> * 1x 16-core master node and 5 12-core worker nodes
> * 1x NVIDIA A100 for each worker node, split into 2 MIG instances using

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* One 16-core master node and five 12-core worker nodes
* One NVIDIA A100 for each worker node, split into 2 MIG instances using
```

a separate GCS location training for evaluation.  Using the default notebook configuration the
first stage should take ~110 seconds (1/3 of CPU execution time with same config) and the second
stage takes ~170 seconds (1/7 of CPU execution time with same config).  The notebook depends on

> the pre-compiled [RAPIDS plugin for Apache Spark](https://mvnrepository.com/artifact/com.nvidia/rapids-4-spark) which is pre-downloaded and pre-configured by
> the GCP Dataproc [Spark RAPIDS init
> script](https://github.com/GoogleCloudDataproc/initialization-actions/tree/master/spark-rapids).

Reviewer: Line wrap and RAPIDS Accelerator instead of Spark RAPIDS
```suggestion
the pre-compiled [RAPIDS Accelerator for Apache Spark](https://mvnrepository.com/artifact/com.nvidia/rapids-4-spark)
which is pre-downloaded and pre-configured by the GCP Dataproc
[RAPIDS Accelerator init script](https://github.com/GoogleCloudDataproc/initialization-actions/tree/master/spark-rapids).
```
